docs: add a reference doc for the new python plugin (#994)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/reference/plugins/python_plugin.rst

.. include:: /common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/python_plugin.rst
    :end-before: .. _craft_parts_python_plugin-keywords:

.. admonition:: Legacy plugin

    This plugin is superseded by the modern :doc:`python_v2_plugin`.

    It is selected by default when building with the ``ubuntu@25.04`` base or older.

>     For more information, see <LINK-TO-USRMERGE-EXPLANATION>.

Author: Blocking comment so this doesn't get merged until the other document exists to be referenced.

>     This plugin is superseded by the modern :doc:`python_v2_plugin`.
> 
>     It is selected by default when building with the ``ubuntu@25.04`` base or older.
> 
>     For more information, see <LINK-TO-USRMERGE-EXPLANATION>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This reference is for the **Python (v1)** plugin, which is available for base 
    ``ubuntu@24.04`` or lower.
    
    For the updated version, see :doc:`python_v2_plugin`. For an explanation of why 
    there are different versions of this plugin, see <LINK-TO-USRMERGE-EXPLANATION>.
```

Author: I've tried to incorporate both feedbacks: how about this? https://github.com/canonical/rockcraft/pull/994/commits/8fe8018a803d72a6a6466ee799b878b4a852114d
